Welcome to the Ocean Studio.
Here is part of the Yahowah Vlog.
I'm your host, Craig Winn,
and I am not the one with four
paws or the cute furry face.
That is Wookie.
And maybe you can even hear the other
two that are playfully toying with some
kind of a stuffed animal by my feet.
We are returning to the Psalm,
the Eighty-Ninth,
that destroys two religions,
destroyed them both a thousand years
before they were conceived,
and those would be the religions of
Judaism and Christianity,
and they were obliterated with the
Eighty-Ninth Psalm.
I say this because Yahowah,
who just happens to be God,
is unequivocal in his authorship of it
regarding what he says about the actual
Messiah.
He says it's Dowd,
whom the world knows by the errant
transliteration of Dowd,
which means beloved, as David.
Yahowah says that Dowd is his son,
which would preclude that imposter known
as Jesus Christ.
He says that Dowd is the chosen one,
not someone else.
He says that Dowd is the returning king.
Hmm.
That would also eliminate that religious
myth or even of an unknown Messiah in
Judaism killing both religions in one
blow.
Yahowah is quite clear.
He is not a man.
A man is not a God.
But the closest we will ever experience to
a man acting in the role of God
is Dowd.
Yahowah calls Dowd Elyown.
No one else he calls Dowd Elyown.
Elyown means El, God.
The Yod would mean the influence or hand
of.
And on,
following a Hebrew word like Shabbatown,
for example, Zikrown is another example.
One would be everything pertaining to the
most memorable of men.
The other would be all things pertaining
to the Shabbat.
And in the case of Elyown,
it means all things pertaining to the
influence of Almighty God.
That is Dowd.
And that's what he will be when he
returns in his third arrival.
His first was the life that is recorded
in the prophets and in the writings of
the man who, boy,
actually at eight years old,
who was anointed.
became king of Israel,
unifying and protecting God's people.
He is the author of the vast majority
of the Mizmowr Psalms.
He's the subject of this one,
the eighty-ninth,
and he is the author of most of
the Proverbs.
He is the most extraordinary man in human
history.
God says that he not only exemplifies the
covenant,
but he is the one who enabled the
which makes him our savior since there is
no other way to God.
Yahowah is explicit when he says that all
of the promises he has made about Dowd,
his return as Elyown, his return as king,
His role as our Zarowa, sacrificial lamb,
fulfilling Passover.
His purpose as our savior,
the one who fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
The fact that he alone at this point
is the son of God, his firstborn.
The fact that Yahowah is his father.
Therefore,
Everything about Jesus is an outright lie.
All of it, robbery, identity theft.
It's pathetic.
If you are a Christian and you're
promoting Jesus Christ as your Lord and
Savior, as the Son of God and Messiah,
you should have your head examined.
Look at the eighty-ninth psalm.
I would call it a Mizmowr.
You can call it a psalm.
It is unequivocal.
And if you want,
go to YadaYah.com where it's translated
accurately from the oldest extent
resources.
God's clear.
It's Dowd.
He is the chosen one.
He is the son of God.
He is the Messiah.
He is the former and returning king.
He is our savior.
He is the one who will be the
full extent of the influence of God on
our planet.
You can't
say anything beyond all of that.
That's as clear as he could possibly be.
And so in one's home,
the one we're reviewing,
God does two things.
He destroys the lies of Judaism and
Christianity,
obliterates the religions for stealing the
identity and achievements of his beloved
son.
And second, he presents the merit of Dowd,
the most extraordinary man who ever lived.
I don't care if you believe what I'm
telling you or not,
because you have a choice.
You can either believe Yahowah who said
these things,
and we have copies of what he said
included in the Dead Sea Scroll editions
dating back now,
two thousand two hundred years ago.
long before Paul created the myth of
Jesus.
Or you can believe Paul and his pals
who conceived the myth of Jesus.
You can't believe Jesus by himself because
Jesus doesn't exist without Paul and pals
because he didn't write anything Dowd
because, well, he didn't exist because,
well,
he was conceived by Paul in fifty-two
C.E.,
In fact,
the first fourteen books of the Christian
New Testament were all written by Paul
between fifty-two and sixty-six BCE.
And then the next three, Mark, Luke,
and Acts,
were written with Paul's inspiration by
Paul's posse in seventy-five CE,
with one copying the other and one
focusing entirely on Paul's life.
They are not eyewitnesses.
They are not inspired by God.
They're rubbish.
If you don't want to believe me,
that's just fine.
But if you want to promote the lie
of Jesus Christ,
know that the truth is presented in
irrefutable fashion,
using God's testimony and setting God's
testimony next to these men to prove that
the men lied.
It's all available for you in the series
called Twistianity,
which is free at YadaYah.com.
and know that if you're going to promote
the myth of Jesus you are calling god
a liar and that is not going to
put you in good standing with him with
the exception of those who have come to
know Yahowah and his beloved son many
through these books at the
titled yada yeah well in fact here is
the most recent of them this is called
Tsarah it means time of trouble uh it's
written as part of the yada Yahowah series
was the ninth volume in this series the
thirty fifth book overall that is now
available for you at YadaYah.com all
entirely free if you want the
printed version you can go to amazon.com
Google my name there or search my name
or yada yada there will take you to
the entire series they are offered royalty
free
You know, it's funny thing about Amazon.
They're not going to print the books and
deliver them to you free.
And so they're a pittance compared to
their value.
And you can choose to have a hard
copy book.
In fact,
if you can see now over my shoulder
now,
I have presented the first ten or eleven
that have now arrived.
uh with a new uh format with a
menorah and uh new images on the on
the covers and new um manner of of
arranging a uh the contents far more
professionally inside uh that's a little
less than a third of the total all
of them by the way are done you
can
Go to the website,
yadayahowah.com or amazon.com and purchase or
read for free the entirety of the
re-presented books of the YadaYahowah series
I'm listening to.
My two little lovebirds,
Qara is the little one, and Asher,
the yellow lab,
and they're just having a grand time below
me.
I don't know if you can hear it
or not,
but it's pretty cute to listen to them
play.
All right,
so with the exception of those who have
come to know Yahowah and his beloved son,
Dowd, through these books,
this remains true of almost everyone else,
and it's important.
It says, you have truncated,
causing a cessation to all of the work.
You have made this like a Shabbat for
doing nothing,
removing and taking away from his
purifying brilliance and his means to
restore along with his glorious status.
his majesty and the ability to renew his
clear and illuminating approach,
especially the means to being purified and
pronounced clean.
He's speaking, of course,
and this is Yahowah, of his beloved son,
Dowd,
whom he has already said that his position
of honor, his throne,
which is the mercy seat of the Ark
of the Covenant called the Kapporeth,
is going to return with him as brilliant
as the sun.
Yahowah first introduces Dowd in the fourth
day of creation by calling him the greater
luminary, which ties into this as well.
He is represented by the lesser luminary
who reflects his light during this time of
darkness.
Dowd is the most brilliant light,
according to God, in the universe.
He continues, and his position of honor,
dignity, and power, his throne,
you have hurled to the ground.
That's true that the religious have done
exactly that.
They have tossed those thrown to the
ground as if, okay, so what?
He was a king long time ago.
That was a long time ago,
three thousand years ago.
Who cares?
Because
He is God's chosen Melech king, ruler.
And he is returning with Yahowah on a
date certain, Yowm Kipurym,
on the second of October,
six twenty two p.m.
as the sun sets in Jerusalem.
On this Yowm Kipurym,
day of reconciliations in year six
thousand, which is twenty thirty three.
And at that time,
that very throne that the religious world
has hurled to the ground and desecrated
and buried,
is going to be presented as brilliant as
the sun and yet you've thrown it into
the dirt tossing it from the land Mizmowr
lurks to sing psalm eighty nine forty four
I know that Dowd gets in the way
of
the religious promotion of an unknown
Messiah that's going to come to save the
Jews and of the fake Messiah that came
to save the Christians.
But let me give you a little clue.
Do you know how many times Jesus,
Christian, Christ, church, Trinity,
salvation by faith, grace,
any of these things
church is mentioned in the Towrah,
prophets and Psalms?
Zero.
You can't have a claim that your Jesus
Christ was predicted in the prophets when
there is no mention anywhere in the
prophets of a Jesus, of a Christ,
of a church.
of a Christian, of a Christmas,
of an Easter, of a Trinity,
of a cross, none of it.
Go search.
I'll give you the next thousand years.
Well, you won't have that.
You only have seven and a half.
But I'll give you that time,
if you survived the time of trouble,
to search for a mention.
And all you got is to claim what
was offered to Dowd.
And every time there is a prophecy about
Dowd, Christians claim it for themselves,
even when Dowd's name is right in the
middle of it.
Even when it's obvious it's speaking of
Dowd and not this mythical unnamed
individual.
If your God, man,
was so goddamn important,
why isn't his name mentioned anywhere?
And then you have the idiots that say,
oh, we can solve that problem.
We'll just give Jesus a new name.
He'll be Yeshua.
But you won't find that name either.
If your God-man is so goddamn important,
why isn't his name written in a single
prophecy?
Dowd's name is written exactly one
thousand one hundred times.
Yahowah's name is written seven thousand
times.
And you won't find a single reference?
Not one.
The names of Jesus are a Christ,
are a Christian, are Christianity.
or Christmas or Easter or a Trinity or
a cross or a church.
You've been lied to.
Clearly, God's far more annoyed than I am.
He is disgusted that his beloved son,
that he anointed as his Mashyach,
the shepherd he chose to establish his
covenant family and the sacrificial lamb
who opened heaven's door by fulfilling
Pesach in year four thousand year thirty
three C.E.
has been so universally discounted.
By religious Jews and Christians.
They have done to Dowd what they have
done well to the Shabbat,
reducing it to
from a celebration of the covenant
relationship to either replacing it or
making it do nothing day.
And in this case,
by either failing to read the words Dowd
inspired and or Yahowah inspired in Dowd's
song,
or failing to act upon them,
religious Jews have brought untold misery
upon God's people.
Had they paid attention to what God wrote
in the Eighty-Nine Psalm,
which was written a thousand years before
Dowd arrived on the day that he said
he would to fulfill Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym,
when presenting this information as
Gabriel,
God's most courageous and capable man,
that's Dowd, when he spoke to Daniel,
In five fifty five B.C.E.,
he told us exactly the day he would
fulfill Chag Matsah, Pesach,
Matsah and Bikuwrym.
And yet even the rabbis who could read
Hebrew and had access to these scrolls.
Couldn't figure it out.
That it's not.
There was no Jesus.
Well,
the failure of these rabbis to recognize
and capitalize upon what Dowd represents
and has accomplished, well,
is the fulcrum upon which the Jewish
people have descended when they should
have ascended.
They were given the opportunity to restore
their relationship with Yahowah and come
clean by accepting Dowd's fulfillment of
Chag Matsah,
beginning with his crucifixion on Pesach,
and then his journey with his soul into
Sheowl on Matsah,
en route to celebrating Bikuwrym,
firstborn children.
They would have been welcomed back into
the covenant by embracing those glorious
status as the chosen Messiah,
the glorious lamb.
But the rabbis not only forwent all of
this, they also tossed it all away,
hurling those dignity to the ground.
Not as bad, of course,
as Peter and Paul who buried it.
Read your goddamn New Testament.
They buried it.
Dowd was chosen by Yahowah and anointed
with his spirit at eight years old.
And by the way,
the reason that Peter and Paul buried Dowd
is there is no Jesus Christ without
burying Dowd.
Because so long as Dowd exists,
you realize he's the Messiah.
He is the son of God.
He is our savior.
He is the chosen one.
He is the returning king.
He's the one who fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in thirty three C.E.
He is the one that the prophets spoke
of.
And so long as you have any recognition
of what God had to say about him,
you can't pull off the myth of Jesus
Christ.
So they buried him.
They lied to you.
And from what we have discovered,
Dowd's best writing and his most profound
spiritual insights were distilled within
these songs when his mind was young and
receptive and when he was fraught with
fewer distractions.
I was talking to Rich and to Leah,
our king of the cables,
our good friend and covenant member, Rich,
and my wife, Leah,
this morning about the realization that
The job, speaking for Yahowah,
particularly to his wayward and embittered
people, is taxing.
Moshe gave up.
In fact, just days after they left Choreb,
he told Yahowah to kill him.
He says, this job is impossible.
I'd rather die than have to spend another
day with these malcontents.
That's how bad Jews are in terms of
their receptibility.
God happened to agree with him.
And then you've got Dowd,
the young boy that slew the dragon,
a boy that was inspired by God to
write so many of these Psalms.
By the time that he suffered the last
rebellion of an insider,
of a family fracture of his son, Absalom,
he went from extrovert to introvert.
So did Moshe.
I think that if you actually were to
study Yahowah's personality as it's
presented,
he went from extrovert to introvert too,
very rapidly.
moving back in that direction I was born
an introvert didn't like being an
introvert so I taught myself to be an
extrovert and I’m very very quickly
returning to being an introvert it wears
on all of us you just have no
idea how horrible people are when you
speak for god when you try to help
them by telling them the truth
I mean,
I've been posting all over Facebook
recently.
They have deployed third party fact
checkers who are determined to allow
Islamic lies to permeate the Facebook
platform,
putting every Facebook user at risk and
Facebook management doesn't have the
wherewithal, the morality,
the good judgment to stop them.
And on X, of course,
Elon Musk has come out of the closet.
He is presenting himself now as a racist
and white supremacist who is hopelessly
enamored with the destructiveness of the
Trump administration.
And so we have two of the three
largest social media platforms in the
midst of a crash and burn.
So this is a tough job.
And what you find is that over time,
the relentless burden of being responsible
for miserable ingrates grew worrisome for
Moshe, for Dowd.
And I can tell you it does in
this role that Yahowah has asked me to
play for you as well.
And so this is what we read.
You have cut short so as to deprive
yourself of what is required to reap the
benefits of the harvest.
Qatsyr.
The days when his robust presence was
concealed as a young man.
You have covered over him, shamefully,
by diminishing his status.
Now take a moment and consider these
implications.
Psalm, Psalm, Psalm, Psalm, Psalm, Psalm,
As a statement among mountainous
disclosures,
this is Everest stacked on top of Ketu.
It doesn't get much more insightful than
this,
but you've got to know what's happening.
Qatsyr, harvest.
There are three of these in Yahowah's seven
Mowedym.
The first Qatsyr harvest follows
opening the door to life of Pesach,
which Dowd fulfilled by allowing the
Romans to crucify his body in thirty three
CE.
The next is Matsah,
when Dowd's nephesh soul carried our guilt
into Sheowl to deposit it there and never
to be seen again,
making us not guilty in God's perspective.
This leads to the first of the three
harvests.
which is Bikuwrym, firstborn children,
where Yahowah's Bakowr, firstborn son,
enabled our acceptance into Yahowah's
covenant family.
First harvest is a barley harvest,
which is what Abib means,
which is when Pesach,
Matsah and Bikuwrym are celebrated,
when the barley is still green,
receptive and growing within a husk of the
plant.
It is the first harvest.
It is Dowd who enabled it.
The second Qatsyr is the one that is
upcoming.
It has two potential dates of fulfillment.
By two potential dates,
it's going to be fulfilled on one of
these two days.
It could well be fulfilled with different
events manifest,
fulfilling the prophecies of Shabuwah.
But Shabuwah is seven sevens.
It takes place seven years before
the fulfillment of the final four Miqra'ey.
It is the middle candle and the menorah
that you see spinning over my shoulder.
Shabuwah, as the promise of seven,
or the promise of the Shabbat,
is a wheat harvest.
It is depicted by two loaves of wheat
bread,
and it incorporates both Yahuwdym and
Gowym.
It is a Bikuwrym harvest.
It happens
for the benefit of those who capitalize
upon because they accept the benefits of
what Dowd did on Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
And on the Shabuwah harvest,
and the two dates are less than five
months from now,
May of
or eleven June of twenty twenty seven.
They're both Shabbats.
Of course,
Yahowah does his best work on the Shabbat.
They on one of these will be the
imposition of the Islamic state that makes
Israel more vulnerable by cutting a fake
Estonian state out of Israel's heart.
The other will be marked by
The imposition of Al-Aqsa Flood,
the reenactment of October seventh,
twenty thirty, twenty twenty three,
which was actually a reenactment of
Mohammed's raid on Khabar.
And the 2.0 version of Al-Aqsa
Flood.
Rather than four thousand Muslims and
tennis shoes and a few hundred rockets.
is going to be in the range of
hundreds of thousands,
if not a million drones,
rockets and missiles.
And those will be headed to Israel cities.
And the jihadists,
they're not going to be counted in the
thousands, but in the millions.
And it's going to be the most devastating
experience in the history of Israel,
maybe the world.
Between those two events, one fulfilled,
May, the other one, June,
with this cat seer,
the second of the three harvests,
according on either one of those two
dates.
The third harvest, the cat seer,
is on Taruwah.
It is seven years later,
the twenty-third as the sun sets,
to a full solar eclipse, by the way,
on that day, and twenty-thirty-three.
And that Laqat,
which is a form of Qatsyr harvest,
will be of Israelites, it is of olives,
the evening before the sacrifice of the
Adamah Parah,
as the sun rises on Taruwah,
the Shabbat of the following day.
The purpose of that is to bring this
remnant,
mortal remnant of Israel that Yahowah has
gathered in Jerusalem at this time,
into proximity of the sacrifice of the
Adamah Parah,
because it's God who's going to light the
fires.
He's going to release the copious amount
of water from the Temple Mount.
And between the purging effect of the fire
and the billowing smoke to the heavens and
the cleansing ash-laden waters with ElYah
as the master of ceremonies, Elijah,
It's going to be the most amazing
spectacle of earth,
and it's going to purge this final remnant
of Israelites so they're prepared for
Dowd's return,
which will occur ten days later on Yom
Kippur, the day of reconciliations,
at which time Dowd will be anointing the
mercy seat of the Ark of the Covenant
with the bull's blood.
This is what lies before you.
And by besmirching,
what Dowd has done by throwing Dowd's
achievements into the dirt,
which Judaism and Christianity have done,
and of course, Islam has done too.
You've cut short,
so which is deprive yourself of what is
required to reap the benefits of the
harvest.
You cannot reap the benefits of the
You cannot travel from this world to
heaven.
You cannot be part of God's family.
You will never be in God's presence.
You will not survive your mortal existence
on this planet.
You will not be alive seven years and
nine months from now.
if you have cut short so as to
deprive yourself of what is required to
reap the benefits of the harvest that Dowd
sacrifice provided.
Pure and simple.
You've done this to yourself.
If you're a Christian,
you will be deprived of it.
There will be no goddamn rapture.
And I say goddamn all the time because
it is, damn is a verb.
God's a title, damn is a verb.
And what it means is that God separates
from, he renounces,
he forecloses on the Pauline rapture.
What a stupid idea.
Peter and Paul were so confused,
they actually misappropriated the Shabuwah
harvest, which is the next one,
calling it the birth of their goddamn
church.
to do that.
They just lied through their teeth and
they misquoted the prophet Yoel,
who was speaking of what's going to happen
seven and a half years from now in
twenty thirty three.
And they applied it to thirty three.
It's the dumbest misquote ever.
And it's so obvious.
It's amazing.
There is a single Christian that believes
any of this nonsense.
And so they've already missed the Shabuwah
harvest because, well,
They think Shabuwah was fulfilled as
Pentecost.
Stupid is as stupid says.
And then Paul called trumpets his rapture
date.
He said it was going to occur during
his lifetime.
It didn't.
He was off by almost two thousand years.
That would make Paul a false prophet.
And the next harvest, the one that you,
if you're not a Yahuwd,
could actually capitalize upon,
you're going to miss because, well,
Paul skipped over it and said it was
going to happen on Taruwah, trumpets.
Oops.
You've done this to yourselves.
And, of course,
look what Jews have done because they
hated the idea that Christians claimed
Shabuwah for their church.
They don't even celebrate it anymore.
It's off their calendar.
They don't celebrate Matsah either.
They turned Passover into a seven-day
holiday,
which is the absolute worst of all
possible outcomes.
If you celebrate Passover and not Matsah,
which is the essence of Judaism,
it's also the perverted essence of
Christianity where they don't want to say
that their Jesus was on the cross on
Passover as the Passover lamb fulfilling
Passover because they got no God idea what
Passover is all about.
The fact is that if you celebrate Passover
without Matsah,
and there is no Matsah in Christianity
because your dead God,
how does man kill God, by the way?
Anyway,
your dead God was napping in the tomb.
And in Judaism,
there is no celebration at all of Matsah.
God says that Passover is the first day
of Chag Matsah.
According to Judaism,
there is no Chag Matsah.
It's only Passover.
And so without Matsah,
worst possible outcome.
Your soul becomes immortal because you've
opened the doorway to life.
But it's still covered,
slathered in religious guilt,
which means you're eternally separated
from God.
So what is eternal life?
Eternally separated from God?
You got it.
Sheowl, hell.
So that is what a devout Christian and
a devout celebrant of Judaism has brought
upon themselves.
God warned you, you have cut short.
So deprive yourself of what is required to
reap the benefits of the Qatsyr
harvest.
The days when his robust presence was
concealed as a young man,
when he was vigorous,
how was he concealed?
Because here he arrived as the fulfillment
of his own prophecy,
prophecy that was recorded in Psalm twenty
two and Psalm eighty eight and Isaiah nine
and Isaiah fifty three written throughout
the first thirty five Psalms.
He arrived to do exactly what he said
he was going to do,
exactly what he said he was going to
do in Daniel nine.
And yet,
you religious Jews and Christians,
you concealed it.
You concealed his return.
Why did you do that?
The very Son of God,
our Messiah and Savior,
arrived on the exact day that he said
he was going to and offered his Basar
body on Passover and carried our guilt on
his Nepesh soul on Matsah to fulfill
Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
And you concealed it.
Why did you do that?
Well,
that's my job is to reveal what the
religious have concealed.
You have covered over him shamefully by
diminishing his status.
This is literally the essence of
Christianity and Judaism repudiated right
here.
Jesus only exists as a myth because he
is a product of identity theft,
a crude counterfeit of Dowd.
Paul added some embellishments that he
stole from Dionysus to make the religious
serp go Dowd.
It was Dionysus that was the dying and
resurrecting God-man who was...
murdered each year uh around uh the time
of the winter uh solstice and and uh
his life played out over the cycle of
the winter solstice and the spring equinox
just as as the case with Christmas and
and Easter he was the son of the
sun his Easter week almost identical to
the celebration of the christian variety
Dionysus gave
the man who fulfilled Pesach,
who was renamed to Jesus Christ,
a godly veneer through paganism,
Greek paganism.
Matter of fact,
Paul's opening line quoted Dionysus,
it's difficult to kick against the goad.
That's a line from Dionysus written by
Euripides in the play.
So you covered over him.
That's what you've done.
Paul and Peter and
Luke and Mark covered over the life of
Dowd to create this counterfeit,
this caricature,
this fraud named Jesus Christ.
And rabbis did the same with their
Bar Kokhba, son of a star.
And they do the same to this day
by claiming that an unknown Messiah is
going to come at an unknown time to
save their religious behinds.
No, no, none of it.
God told you it was going to happen.
He told you what happened.
He told you it was going to happen.
It was Dowd who fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym as he foretold in his second
of three lives in year four thousand.
And he is returning in year six thousand
in twenty thirty three.
And you're going to cover over him.
With your Bar Kokhba and your Jesus
Christ, shame on you.
You have precluded yourself of salvation
by diminishing his status.
You diminished your status as a result of
diminishing his status.
Consider the implication or not.
I really don't care what you do.
Listen,
I have never felt that quantity was more
important than quality.
And I know that's Yahowah's view.
So I don't care how many of you
write yourself out of God's story.
I don't care how many of you take
umbrage with me on Facebook, on X,
or create a We Hate Craig website.
I really don't give a crap.
I'm not trying to be inclusive.
God's not trying to be inclusive.
Most of you have written yourself out of
God's story, and that's great.
Goodbye.
God's not compromising.
He's not going to change his story for
you.
He's not going to accommodate you.
He told you what his story is.
He told you how he was delivering his
story, which was through Dowd.
You can take it or leave it.
I'm going to present the facts to you.
What you do with them is up to
you.
Of course,
there is a consequence of being wrong,
especially when what a person is led to
believe is in conflict with what Yahowah
has made known.
We cheat humankind and people cheat
themselves when they deprive themselves of
what Dowd has achieved.
What belongs to Dowd is stolen from him
because it shortchanges what he can offer
us.
If you steal Dowd's Messiah title and give
it to Jesus,
you have created the impression that there
was a Jesus.
If you steal Dowd's son of God title
and you give it to Jesus,
you've artificially elevated a myth in
status and you've robbed the real McCoy.
If you call Jesus your king,
then you've stolen the title from Dowd and
you've thrown his seat of honor and thrown
into the dirt and offended God in the
process.
If you call this mythical misnomer Jesus
or call him Yeshua,
who gives a crap what you call him
because he didn't exist.
He is a crude counterfeit of Dowd.
You want to call him your savior?
Yeah, good luck with that.
Because I can assure you,
all you've done is annoy God.
And that's a bad idea.
It's Dowd who fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
In this case,
religious Jews are being accused of
depriving themselves of what Dowd has
provided, as so are Christians,
such that both have made themselves
unharvestable.
They have vigorously obscured what Dowd,
our actual Messiah and Son of God,
our Savior,
did during the fulfillment of Pesach and
Matsah leading to Bikuwrym in thirty-three
C.E.
They don't even acknowledge those robust
presence in Jerusalem in the Yowbel year of
four thousand YAH,
which is thirty-three C.E.,
even though he provided them with the
exact day that he would fulfill Chag
Matsah.
It's all presented in Daniel nine.
I've explained it for you.
You can read it all and etzerah if
you'd like.
It's
all presented there for you,
all detailed for you, all explained,
all documented.
It's available.
Take advantage of it.
Now,
instead of admiring and respecting and
appreciating what the Son of God and
sacrificial lamb did, I mean,
think of him enduring crucifixion.
And he wrote about how he was going
to fulfill being crucified on Passover.
And then how his soul would go into
hell carrying our guilt.
A thousand years before he endured it.
Second,
twenty-second and eighty-eighth Psalms.
A thousand years before he endured it.
In first person he explained exactly how
crucifixion,
a form of torture that wouldn't be
invented for another six hundred years,
would torture his body.
And how he would go into hell for
a heavenly cause.
and you spit on his face.
There is really nothing you could do that
would upset God more than promote Judaism
and Christianity as a result.
Nothing in the history of mankind bothers
God as much as Judaism and Christianity
because they annul the achievements
of Dowd as the Son of God,
our King and Savior.
Both religions have veiled him in shame,
disgracefully covering over what he
achieved,
and thereby dishonoring themselves and
him.
Now, at this time,
the psalmist asks a rhetorical question,
and he wants people to ponder this.
While the interval of time being
questioned was
of God's choosing,
becoming unknown for that long is counter
to everything he intended.
He has done his part,
making it relatively easy for those who
are serious in their pursuit to become
acquainted with him.
He has systematically provided and
simultaneously validated the authenticity
of his revelation to us.
The Dead Sea Scrolls are available for us
to translate now.
That's the basis of the books and the
translations that I've written in the
Yada Yada series.
And within them,
there are proclamations that were
documented many centuries before they were
fulfilled.
Proof positive that God inspired them.
Now, within God's proof text,
we are given everything we need.
to know and engage in a relationship with
Yahowah,
to be invited into his home as part
of his family.
The reason that so few people have availed
themselves of his marvelous opportunity is
that religion and government militarism
and conspiratorialist trash have all
gotten in the way,
obscuring the view and cluttering the
path.
One of the reasons that anti-Semitism is
so caustic
It's the reason why religion is so
harmful.
So God asks, for how long?
Actually,
the psalmist is asking Yahowah this.
For how long, Yahowah,
will you remain hidden, concealed,
and virtually unknown?
God told us that he was removing himself
from
from Israel and from humankind,
right around six hundred BCE,
six fifty to seven hundred BCE through the
prophet Howsha.
And in that book,
he tells Howsha to marry a religious whore
so that Howsha would have empathy for what
God was enduring around the religiosity of
Israel.
And then he said, I'm divorcing you.
And I'm divorcing you for infidelity.
You have not been faithful to the
covenant.
He then said, I'm leaving you.
I'm going to heaven.
He announced that he would return to them,
not to Gowym,
that he would return to them when they
returned to him.
That has not happened.
There are examples of...
Yahuwdym who have read these books under
the Yada Yahowah series that I have written
who have returned to Yahowah.
But in terms of a significant number of
Yahuwdym,
most are still estranged from God.
Every Yahuwd Jew who practices Judaism is
hopelessly estranged from God.
Everyone who is wrapped up in their
politics is estranged from God.
The same would be true of every Christian,
every Muslim, every Marxist on the planet.
You are estranged from God.
And if those isms define your character,
your nature, your life, your soul,
then you will always be estranged from
God.
And there is no resolution for you
regarding any of this.
So God said very clearly, I'm leaving.
I'm going back to heaven.
I can't stand the stench of you or
this place.
You're way too religious.
And so I'm divorcing you.
I'm going to heaven and I will return
to you when you return to me.
So throughout this time, in fact,
really for the last two thousand five
hundred years since the last of the
prophets was Malachi in four forty seven
BCE,
since Yahowah spoke to us through Malachi
in four forty seven BCE,
that would be exactly a thousand years
after he recited the Towrah to Moshe in
fourteen forty seven BCE.
God has been silent.
It's exactly what Dowd as Gabry'el
foretold when speaking to Daniel in five
fifty five B.C.E.
that when he did the accomplish the
fulfillment of Chag Matsah as the Messiah,
there'd be no more prophecy.
It'd be the end of it.
And he did.
So God's been silent.
He then has in the range of a
thousand prophecies describing a
relationship with a man that he uses all
sorts of descriptive titles as his custom.
He refers to in the Towrah as Ha-Nakar,
the observant foreigner.
He refers to him and Yashayah Isaiah as
the Choter.
He is announced as the whole voice of
God.
He is presented as the lesser luminary
reflecting the greater luminaries light in
the Towrah.
He is presented as the tree of lives
and the Towrah, excuse me,
the tree of knowledge,
which leads to the tree of lives and
the second chapter of the first book of
the Towrah.
He is disclosed throughout Yahowah's
revelation.
And God wants his people to know,
everyone on earth to know,
that he is addressing the world again.
And the time is nigh.
Twenty, thirty-three, it's all over.
You will either have your soul destroyed
between now and then.
You will, by promoting religion,
have your soul escorted to Sheowl at that
time or between now and then.
Or you will become part of the covenant
or if not part of the covenant,
part of this mortal remnant that is purged
at this time prior to Yahowah's return on
the celebration of Taruwah in twenty thirty
three.
Those are your only options.
between now and then god remains virtually
unknown I can say the name Yahowah and
people haven't having a clue who I talk
I’m talking about uh I can disclose what
Yahowah disclosed and his Towrah and
prophets and the religious will say it's
that I’m speaking for Satan that's how
unaware the Christians and the rabbinical
types are of what God actually said.
Yeah.
You, you speak for Yahowah.
You explain what Yahowah had to say,
particularly about his beloved son here in
this, uh,
eighty-ninth Mizmowr and throughout the
Towrah and prophets and the religious are
so lost.
They're so unfamiliar with Yahowah.
They won't recognize his name.
And they will say that you're speaking for
Satan when you convey what God is
communicating.
That's how lost they are.
God is concealed.
He is virtually unknown.
He is not going to be known by
the majority of people until the majority
of people represents a tiny fragment of
people who are alive today.
You see,
the Shabuwah harvest is going to be so
small,
the world's not going to even notice.
That's what is said in the fifty-seventh
chapter of Yashayah, Isaiah.
And the Taruwah gleaning is going to be
smaller still.
And the vast majority of people,
God's going to incinerate as we move
through Taruwah.
So,
It isn't until the mortal remnant of
Yisrael and an appropriate remnant of
Gowym are brought into Jerusalem to
benefit from the sacrifice of the Adam of
Parah on Taruwah that the majority of
people on earth are going to be familiar
with Yahowah.
But by that time, that could be,
you know,
seventy thousand of what was eight billion
people.
So God says, you're righteous,
or this one recording,
Yahowah's testimony in this,
the Eighty-Ninth Psalm says,
you're righteous indignation,
speaking of God,
and overall overt displeasure.
And furious antagonism is kindled and it
burns,
eminently and prominently like fire.
God's angry.
And ultimately he is going to incinerate
all of those who have come to harm
his people on Taruwah with fire.
Everybody who remains religious,
overtly political, militant,
conspiratorial, anti-Semitic,
their bodies and souls will be
extinguished with fire.
Immediately upon doing that,
Yahowah is going to restore the earth that
they have trashed back to the conditions
found in Eden.
So that will be indeed exceedingly
positive.
But at that time,
he is going to escort every Yahuwdym and
Gowym,
whose attitudes and aptitudes are such
that they're not overtly political and
religious,
into Jerusalem to benefit from the
sacrifice of the Adamah Parah,
this bloody red man of the earth who
is
A productive bull is also known as
Obed-Edom or the man from Edom.
He is this Nakar,
this voice of Yahowah at Dowd's Herald.
And he is going to offer himself as
the final sacrifice on Taruwah to purge the
religiosity from this mortal remnant.
And God also at this time is going
to light the fire under my sacrifice.
That is what God is speaking of here.
Now,
the last time the majority of Israelites
knew Yahowah was either three thousand
years ago when Dowd was talking to them
about Yahowah or Solomon gave the original
and most important Sermon on the Mount
about the arrival of the Nakar.
I called him the Nakry in that prophecy.
But since that time,
the majority of Israelites have chosen to
erase Yahowah's name.
Literally erase Yahowah's name.
That is the essence of rabbinic Judaism is
the erasing of Yahowah's name.
And you will find no mention of Yahowah
in Christianity and the New Testament.
It's one of the ways you can know
for certain that Yahowah didn't inspire the
New Testament.
His name's not there.
So the last time they knew it,
as a hundred percent of them would have
been three thousand four hundred and fifty
years ago when Yahowah came off Mount Choreb
and spoke directly to them.
Unfortunately, the children of Israel,
when God spoke to them standing,
not standing,
but to his fiery light and booming voice
alongside Moshe,
the children of Israel were very clear.
They told him to shut up and go
away.
They never wanted to hear from him or
see him again.
That is your legacy, Israel.
That's the reason why you've been lied to
about the Towrah.
The Towrah doesn't present a positive story
of Jews.
It's a horrible story.
All you've done since the first Jew is
annoy God over and over again.
Sure, there's a few moments of sanity,
but even those you've managed to distort
like under Dowd.
It's a sad story, really.
Of course,
since that time and until quite recently,
the number dwindled to zero until I
reintroduced God's name beginning twenty
four years ago throughout the Yada,
which means to know Yahowah series.
God's name wasn't known, wasn't spoken,
wasn't shared.
Now it is known.
I not only reintroduced the proper
pronunciation of Yahowah's name,
I proved it.
Now you can read the first volume of
An Introduction to God, Dabarym Words,
and there you will find an entire chapter
devoted to proving that the proper
pronunciation of Yahowah is as I am saying
it to you now.
But
to think the one point eight million
already are so intellectually
incapacitated by the rabbis.
They'll continue to engender their G-D's
as Hashem's overt antagonism and burning
indignation without any hope of future
awareness.
And all the while they disparage father
and son by claiming that their appalling
religion is righteous.
And it isn't.
Of all the people on earth,
as disgusting as so many are,
The people that God hates the most are
those wearing the black mourning hats and
suits of the Haredim, of Orthodox Judaism.
They do more damage to Jews than...
then either Muslims or Christians.
And the fact is there wouldn't be any
Muslims or Christians doing harm to Jews
if it hadn't been for the rabbis.
If you don't know this, then you should.
But Paul was trained as a rabbi.
He called himself a rabbi.
His ability to cherry pick lines from the
Towrah and prophets that he then twisted
and misrepresented to create an argument
against the Towrah and against Yahowah for
his lie is all because he was trained
by a rabbi to do it.
and because rabbis didn't confront him
when he did it,
because he sounded just like them.
And it was rabbis who sold their
Babylonian Talmud stories to Muhammad to
create the impression that Allah was a god
rather than a complete and utter myth.
All of the religiosity in the Quran comes
from Talmud reciting that the rabbis sold
to Muhammad.
They made your enemies.
They made you an enemy of God.
Now,
there are already one million eight
hundred thousand shrill Jewish voices as
ultra Orthodox Jews.
There are another, well, four million,
four and a half million Muslims and
Christians.
that are fanning the flames of divine
wrath.
Yes,
if you are a practitioner and a promoter
of Christianity and of Judaism or Islam,
you've earned the wrath of God.
Well, it's been three millennia.
That's a very, very long time.
at least by our standards,
but perhaps not by God.
Tithe does not flow for him as it
does for us.
Unlike creatures bound to the earth,
Yahowah,
as a spiritual being akin to light,
determines how he experiences time,
the very pace of its flow to suit
his needs.
It's the nature of a photon of light.
The nineteen to twentieth centuries which
have crawled past since the Messiah-Dowd
fulfilled Chag Matsah were so horrid,
it's unlikely that God paid any attention
to anything which occurred during that
span.
Fortunately,
we have reached the conclusion of this
interval.
with each word we translate and share,
Yahowah becomes less hidden and more known,
especially to his people.
When father and son returned on Yom
Kippur,
the day of reconciliations in year six
thousand Yah,
that's October second at sunset,
six twenty two p.m.
twenty thirty three and in Jerusalem,
he will be known to the extent that
is possible.
No
It's not surprising that this is the
stated purpose for his Choter,
this secondary branch, his Nakry,
the observant foreigner, his Nesh,
sign banner, for Dowd's Basar, herald.
Moreover, within these, within what,
seven point nine years of this writing,
it's all going to be over.
The world as you know it.
And in just, what now, four years,
twenty thirty,
Yada is going to return with ElYah,
which means Yahowah is God, ElYah.
And Yada means he knows.
And we're going to arrive as the last
two witnesses to the great consternation
of human,
religious and political advocates.
So now it gets personal,
as it should with all of us.
This reads,
You have chosen to remind me to ask
about the duration of life in this world
and temporary things by contrast to
eternity,
especially how time flows differently
relative to the observer.
Was it for nothing that you created each
of the sons of Adam?
Mizmowr
lyrics to sing Psalm eighty nine
twenty seven.
It is, as I have shared with you.
That time flows differently for God.
If you're writing Dowd his words and
you're.
writing this in nine sixty eight B.C.
three thousand years ago,
which is when this was written as the
cornerstone of the house free.
I was named the first temple was laid
on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem.
It would seem like, well,
three thousand years is a very long time.
It'd been three thousand years since Adam
and Chawah were escorted out of the garden.
And it'd be another three thousand years
before we were allowed to return to Gan
Eden on Sukah.
And so the psalmist is saying,
fortunately,
you have chosen to remind me to ask
this question about the duration of time.
And how it would play out in this
life and this world of temporary things by
contrast to how time flows in eternity.
I don't think most people recognize this.
But where there is matter,
matter is constrained to the ordinary flow
of time.
Where there is no matter and there is
energy and that energy is expressed as
light, time exists.
Therefore,
it flows differently relative to the
observer.
A very profound thought,
and it is the very essence of us
becoming immortal, eternal beings.
We have to be transformed from physical
beings to energy.
It's why the Christian resurrection,
bodily resurrection,
is just so utterly insane,
so utterly absurd.
If you're going to be with God,
if you're going to
leave this world and enter the spiritual
realm,
the last thing you want is to reanimate
a physical body.
It's the anchor that's holding you here.
The only way that you get to enter
God's presence,
the only way that you get
to experience fullness of life.
The only way that you can explore the
universe is to shed these physical bodies
and be transformed into light.
So the whole Christian resurrection thing
is a pagan stupidity.
But nevertheless,
we have to deal with this.
Was it for nothing that you created each
of the sons of Adam?
Um,
Yeah, well,
obviously didn't create every child of
man.
He created Adam by giving him a Neshamahhh,
created humankind as part of the mammals
that were created on the sixth day.
But the thing that made Adam special was
that he was given a Neshamahhh, a conscience,
which is
I would call it your human card,
although most people are neglecting it and
don't know how to use it.
It is the ability to discern right from
wrong, to be judgmental, to be thoughtful.
It's the thing that causes a thoughtful
and informed human to be much more
intelligent than any AI could possibly be.
So for the most part,
once God booted Adam and Chawah out of
the garden,
we've pretty much been on our own.
Very little interaction from God.
Although there are some sons of Adam that
are sons of Yahowah that he seems to
have formed an affinity with a very,
very long time ago and that have played
important roles in God's story.
Anyway,
this was Psalm eighty-nine forty-seven.
So Yahowah chose to share these events and
this information about Dowd with the
wisest member of Solomon's council.
He did so in the Yowbel year of
three thousand Yahowah,
which is nine sixty-eight BCE at the
commencement of the construction of his
home.
That is exactly three thousand years from
the time that Adam and Chawah were booted
out of the garden in three nine six
eight BCE and exactly three thousand years
to the time that we will reenter the
garden
on Sukah in twenty thirty three.
This is the very cornerstone of the
covenant, of God's story,
of the human experiment of an animal with
an Asama conscience.
So revealed in the exact center of
mankind's journey out of the garden back
to Eden.
Dowd's song serves as a marker of time.
One thousand years to the date on Passover
in year four thousand, Yah,
God's beloved son served as the Zarowa,
the sacrificial lamb,
and he fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym to redeem his people and
enable the covenant's benefits and
blessings as well.
For Forty Yowbel thereafter, thereafter,
he would return to reconcile the remnant
of Yisrael on Yom Kipurym.
The thought of the Messiah suffering in
this manner is hard to fathom from our
perspective,
but not from his father's or in his
company.
After all,
what would be two hellish days compared to
an eternity with one's family?
The anguishing memory of the sacrifice
would pass while the covenant he enabled
would endure forever.
But let me give you a little secret
here.
When Yahowah introduced Dowd to us, he
enveloped him with his Ruwach, his spirit,
and that he told us at that moment
that the spirit would never leave him.
And therefore,
when Dowd returned in his second of three
lives to fulfill Passover,
his physical body and his soul,
were in cooperation with that Ruwach such
that his Nepesh Sol was isolated from his
body at that time.
And Yahowah, his loving father,
protected him from the blows and the pain.
And of course,
when Dowd carried our guilt into Sheowl,
which is akin to a black hole,
it was enveloped in that same Ruwach spirit
who took the pressure and the blows and
precluded.
Dowd from enduring them,
that Dowd's contribution is he recognized
that he could do this.
He recognized that Yahowah would support
him in this effort,
and he knew that Yahowah would protect him.
And so he trusted Yahowah and relied upon
him, and he responded, answered the call,
and Yahowah performed to make it so.
The three epics of Forty-Yowbel
Each lasting two thousand years may seem
like an interminable period.
However,
for God and for those with him in
the spiritual realm of the heavens of the
seventh dimension,
it equates to the blink of an eye.
Time is relative,
albeit not here for us now.
We have until, well,
you've got until the twenty third and
twenty fourth of September,
twenty thirty three to get your act
together if you survive to that time.
The period from expulsion from Eden to
affirmation of the covenant with Abraham,
allowing us to reenter the garden.
would be forty-Yowbel another two thousand
years would pass from our perspective
looking back until father and son
delivered the benefits of the covenant by
fulfilling passover on yeasted bread and
firstborn children to enable the enriching
and emancipating empowering experience of
seven sevens and from the fulfillment of
the first three Mow'ed in year four thousand
Yah to the return of father and son
the
Final epoch of Forty Yowbel would pass,
bringing us to twenty-thirty-three C.E.,
less than ten years from now.
From being booted out of the garden,
three-nine-six-eight B.C.E.,
to the narrative that explains our means
to come back in and foretells of the
Son of God serving as the Passover lamb
on Mount Moriah with Abraham and Ishaq
and Yahowah interacting was exactly
Forty Yowbel or two-thousand years.
So it takes us from nine sixty eight
B.C.E.
three nine six eight B.C.E.
to nineteen sixty eight B.C.E.
year two thousand.
Yah.
From the experience on Mount Moriah
between Abraham and Yahowah and this dress
rehearsal for Passover to the time that
Dowd, as the very son of God,
became the Passover lamb on Mount Moriah
is exactly forty years,
two thousand years.
So, from the year, from the year,
from the year, from the year,
Spring Miqra'ey were fulfilled in year four
thousand.
The fall Miqra'ey are fulfilled in year six
Shabuw'ah was fulfilled seven years before
the fall Miqra'ey.
This is the duration of things.
God's timing as these events play out and
we witness them are as I have just
shared.
So much of it revolves around the Messiah,
the son of God, the Passover lamb.
And that is why this song was written
to commemorate all that he has
accomplished and his relationship to our
salvation.
So rest assured.
Yahowah did not conceive mankind for us to
be religious or antagonistic to him.
Therefore, to save us from ourselves,
Father and Son resolved the issue from
which we are separated from God.
And he composed the lyrics of this,
the eighty-ninth Mizmowr, our song,
to showcase the resolve of Yahowah and
Dowd.
As we have discovered,
Yahowah initiates the relationship He
desires to form,
leaving our response subject to free will.
He introduced Himself to Noach.
He introduced Himself to Abraham and to
Sarah.
He introduced Himself to Dowd.
Yahowah makes the introductions.
He introduced Himself to Moshe.
And how we respond is up to us.
He picks and chooses from among the few
men and women he has encountered along
life's way such that those he reaches out
to must amuse him in one way or
another, impress him,
or just pique his interest in some way.
Actually,
we know a lot more now that we
have reestablished the narrative in the
garden.
Yahowah is looking for men and women who
are observant, closely examining,
carefully consider everything that is
around them because he wants to go off
and explore the universe with us.
And he wants to know that we will
study what we need to study to be
meaningful, safe companions.
Number two, he wants people who engage,
who work,
who make a contribution to the
relationship and to life.
Number three,
God wants us to listen and to respond.
And number four,
it is essential that when we make a
mistake,
we admit it and move on smarter for
the experience.
And when we trip and fall,
that we get up and keep on going
because God, number five,
is looking for those people who are
trustworthy, who can earn his trust.
because he is not letting any soul off
this planet to be immortal and to go
off and explore the universe that he
doesn't trust.
These are the things that God is looking
for.
Now, he's not looking for perfection.
That would be boring.
He's looking for the five things I've just
laid out.
And we have the opportunity to show that
we can meet that challenge.
And during the thousand year celebration
of our return to the garden,
beginning on Sukah in twenty thirty
three,
we will have the opportunity to teach the
entire mortal remnant and their children
about these things so that they can earn
God's trust and respect.
enough to leave this planet celebrating
the eighth day and go off and explore
the universe with its creator that is what
is being offered to us that is what
is being presented to you how you choose
to respond to it is up to you
I can tell you that there are
personalities types and attributes and
attitudes that god finds
more amusing than others.
All you need to do is look particularly
at Dowd because God said,
this is the man that's after my own
heart.
This is the man who's thinking and
judgment and inclinations are like my own.
This is the man that I dearly love.
This is the man that I have called
myself his father and announced that he is
my son.
This is the one that I have chosen
to work through.
He is my chosen one.
So everything you can glean about what
made Dowd special.
will help you understand what you need to
do, say, think, believe, know,
forget about believe,
certainly know and understand, respond to,
that would endure you to God.
Dowd was very bright.
He was a great student.
He was exceedingly observant.
He was thoughtful.
He was articulate.
He was courageous.
He was bold.
great defender of God's people,
wonderful orator, marvelous writer,
superlative vocalist, devoted, committed,
confident.
All of these things describe Doe,
do they not?
He knew and used Yahowah's name.
Everyone that God chooses has something in
common with Dowd and with the rest of
us,
and that also each has walked away from
religion and politics prior to Yahowah's
introduction.
Everyone is willing to listen and go where
his words lead.
Everyone is committed to impressing Yahowah
that they can be trusted,
that when they stumble and fall,
they'll get back up,
that when they make a mistake,
they will learn from it.
and that they will continue to be
observant and engage,
working to the very end to make this
world better.
Now, free will, of course,
works both ways.
Yahowah has it, and so do we,
and it is his universe and his home,
and we are entitled to invite whomever he
pleases.
He is entitled to invite whomever he
pleases to spend eternity with him,
as long as he's consistent in his
approach,
and he is quite insistent
on allowing people to write themselves out
of his family.
And that is to say that it is
impossible to find
Yahowah,
I think it's impossible to find Yahowah
independently.
I have suggested that it may have been
so, but I don't think so.
I just think that there's too much
religious malarkey that has been spewed on
top of the truth that if God doesn't
reach out to you and help to point
you in the right direction,
at least introduce you to the right person
who can lead you in the right place.
So many people in the covenant have heard
me on doing
radio programs or found me on the internet
and I've helped to direct them to the
right place.
But if God doesn't make that introduction,
you're not going to find him.
The reason that God chose to speak through
me at this time is so that the
people that he wants to meet have the
opportunity to know him.
We're making introductions.
God is hidden to most people because the
religions of man have hidden him from men.
Now,
the reason that so few know him is
because men like Paul and Akiba have
plagued the world with their lies.
So just as Sha'uwl, which is synonymous,
by the way, with Sheowl, which is hell,
is called out by name,
he is condemned as the plague of death
and Chabaquwq.
He's called the son of evil.
He is called the father of lies.
And he is identified here in the eighty
ninth Mizmowr as well and condemned
Annette.
Paul is probably the single most hated
person by God.
He authored the New Testament's first
fourteen books,
and he inspired almost everything else.
And if that were not bad enough,
in response to his demonic appeal,
Akiba and company would conceive Judaism
in rebuttal.
So this reads,
What man of great strength and character,
empowered to prevail,
lives and will not witness death as a
result of the plague saving his soul?
from the hand and influence of Sha'uwl.
God knew it was the plague of death.
God spoke to us about Paul being the
plague of death.
This is written of him at nine sixty
eight B.C.
three thousand years ago.
And fortunately, there was a Gibowr,
a strong man.
that God reached out to and enabled to
pierce through Paul's lies.
The five volumes of Twistianity,
for example, free at YadaYah.com.
And explain all this to you.
But the fact is that I don't care
how strong a man is apart from this
truth, he will die.
Because, largely because of this terrible,
plague that Paul unleashed.
And so you're trying to save your soul,
your nephesh,
from the hand and influence of Sha'uwl.
Now,
some would say from the hand and influence
of Sheowl, meaning hell.
But the problem with that is that Sheowl
doesn't have any influence and doesn't
have a hand.
It's just a place of separation.
And so this is Sha'uwl.
And
Sha'uwl is the man that the Christians know
as Paul.
I know you can affirm that he was
Sha'uwl because he has three variations of
his conversion experience on the road to
Damascus where he met Satan.
And each time it's Sha'uwl, Sha'uwl.
That was his name.
He then,
writing his first book to the Galatians,
he renamed himself with a Latin Roman
name, Apollos,
because it sounded very much like Apollo,
I suspect.
But nevertheless, his given name is Sha'uwl,
and that's what Yahowah refers to him as.
Let's pause now and reflect what this
implies.
Psalm eighty nine forty eight.
Each verb in this statement,
and there were four in this question,
was scribed in the third person masculine
singular,
designating a singular man as the subject.
And he is the one initially presented as
a Gibowr, a great man,
a person of courage and character imbued
with the strength to prevail.
God is therefore addressing his son,
who is very much alive,
as well as his son's herald,
who speaks for him.
And while he would experience the death of
his corporal body, not...
once but twice, once from old age,
seventy years old,
and the other from the torturous hands of
Rome,
mankind's most acclaimed civilization.
His soul endures.
It has and will never experience death.
Moreover,
Dowd is the antidote for the toxic venom
spewed from Paul, Paul's,
Sha'uwl's poison pen.
He was not only immune to the plague
of death,
but he is also providing the antibodies
which fight this virus of Christianity as
well as Judaism.
So while many are saved by what he
accomplished,
he is the only one who offers salvation.
So let's be clear.
This is addressing Sha'uwl, the man,
not Sheowl, the place.
Sheowl does not have hands,
does not have influence.
This place of separation can neither
plague nor kill us.
The fact is Sheowl as the place of
eternal incarceration is the antithesis of
death for those who endure it.
As a black hole,
nothing reaches out from Sheowl,
just as nothing escapes from it.
However,
It was the hand of Sha'uwl who wrote
the fourteen epistles which have plagued
humankind by creating the counterfeit of
Dowd as Jesus Christ.
It is under his influence that
Christianity was conceived and popularized
among Gowym.
He is the master manipulator behind
diminishing Dowd's influence and burying
the very Savior.
It's the hand that sought to denigrate the
Messiah, the Son of God,
and the Passover Lamb so that he could
replace him.
Sha'uwl Paul has plagued far more people
than the billions of souls who were
coerced or beguiled into placing their
faith in the religion he fathered,
doing so at the behest of Satan.
Paul admits in the last chapter of his
letter to Corinthians, second Corinthians,
that he's demon possessed.
Without the son of evil and the father
of lies,
Gowym would not have come to blame or
hate Jews sufficiently to cause Rome,
which is where Paul's allegiance always
laid,
to massacre and enslave the chosen people,
robbing Yahuwdym of their homeland.
The Roman Catholic Church,
which was based on Paul's letters,
would not have propagated his anti-Semitic
culture and conspiracies which culminated
in the Holocaust without Paul's jealousy
and covetousness.
Muhammad, likewise,
would never have succeeded in establishing
the religion predicated on anti-Semitism
without the foundation laid by his
predecessor.
And without Paul's propensity to promote a
cult following and promulgate ignorance
and irrationality,
which has become now so commonplace today,
and indeed established as a politically
inspired religion,
we wouldn't find the majority of the world
so lost.
Sha'uwl Paul has become the chosen people's
most fierce and embittered adversary.
He is responsible for the death of more
souls than anyone who has ever lived.
To escape his grasp is difficult and often
impossible as the integrated religious and
political scheme he concocted.
Read Romans thirteen for that or listen to
one of the archives of Charlie Kirk.
It has tread upon the entire world,
suppressing the truth, impeding freedom.
He will endure
eternity in Sheowl,
and his replacement theology will die at
the hand of Dowd,
the man whose life and lyrics he sought
to disparage.
And while I have begged for the
opportunity to convict him,
and I think I'll be given that chance,
it's Mizmowr like this which will be
brought to bear against him.
Dowd will, if he wants,
get the debate he has sought,
although there's really no reason to
debate, just to convict.
And the outcome is written in stone.
Sha'uwl will become synonymous with the
place whose name he shares, Sheowl, hell,
which is where you're headed if you
promote the religion that Paul described
in his fourteen letters.
Well,
it's a good place for us to conclude
this program.
We'll return to our Ocean Studio hopefully
tomorrow.
We had a lovely day here.
The Wookie was my good companion.
And we look forward to being with you
here this time tomorrow.
Good day to one and all.